am I crazy or does this totally go
oh my god you look so beautiful thank
you Rachel look at Monica this is it
this is the one I can't believe I found
it oh wow you look so beautiful if I
know you I'd cry Monica Geller bawl like
a baby I'm Megan Bailey have you found
your dress yet
oh no these dresses are all so amazing
but there is no way I could afford one
no I can't afford this either no I'm
just here to figure out which one I want
then I'm gonna get it at climene's this
discount place in Brooklyn day after
tomorrow they're having a huge sale oh
thanks for the tip yeah so what are you
getting married
oh I'm not I just like to try these on I
do the same thing I'm just kidding I'm
getting married July 25th I'm just
kidding to December so what are you
getting married
Oh May 15th oh that's getting close so
who's your photographer Jeffrey we met
with him did he show you the photos of
the nude wedding he did best man Wow I
know I'm what's called off my wedding Oh
Oh your band
oh my fiance wants the swing kings no
you're so lucky
my fiance wants the heavy metal band
carcass Oh
is that spelled with a C or a K oh my
god it doesn't matter they're both great
oh you know what you know what don't buy
that here and now that you know what you
want you should go to Kleinman's and you
can get it half off this place is so
overpriced I own this store
so does this come in another color or
so this is Brooklyn all right listen up
there's usually only one dress in each
size so when they open those doors fan
out
now this is what you're looking for
memorize it when you locate the dress
blow on these all right three sharp
blasts when you hear it come running
[Music]
don't crowd me this is it this is the
dress oh my god is perfect I'm sorry
this one's taken Wow you came this is my
dress no yes it is you saw me wearing it
and now you'll see me buying it you
freak you wouldn't even have known about
this place if it wasn't for me
look you don't want to fight me maybe I
do I'm pretty feisty
[Music]
[Applause]
No you've got to get me out of here
[Music]
[Applause]